Adds information about caching in MGT components (#12227)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: concepts/toolkit/components/people.md

The control uses the global authentication provider described in the [authentication documentation](../providers/providers.md).

> ## Cache
> 
> IndexedDB|Cached data|Remarks
> ---------|-----------|-------
> `people`|Information about people matching the query|Used when `resource` specified
> `users`|Information about users matching the query|Used when `groupId`, `userIds`, `peopleQueries` or no properties specified
> `presence`|Presence for the specified set of people|Used when `showPresence` set to `true`
> 
> > [!NOTE]
> > By default, the `mgt-people` component uses the [`mgt-person`](./person.md) component to display information about people. The `mgt-person` component automatically downloads and caches the photo for each person.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Cache

|Object store|Cached data|Remarks|
|---------|-----------|-------|
|`people`|Information about people matching the query|Used when `resource` specified|
|`users`|Information about users matching the query|Used when `groupId`, `userIds`, `peopleQueries` or no properties specified|
|`presence`|Presence for the specified set of people|Used when `showPresence` set to `true`|

> [!NOTE]
> By default, the `mgt-people` component uses the [`mgt-person`](./person.md) component to display information about people. The `mgt-person` component automatically downloads and caches the photo for each person.

See [Caching](../customize-components/cache.md) for more details on how to configure the cache.
```
